just about anything shoved on a stick
and grilled is instantly more fun to eat
and these beef shish kabobs are a fast
and flavorful recipe to slap on the
grill here's how I make them first
you'll need to cut up the meat take a 1
and a half to 2 pound sirloin steak trim
off any fat or sinew and cut it into
1-inch cubes I like to use sirloin
because it has beefy flavor and is well
marbled but still tender next make the
marinade whisk together 1 tablespoon
kosher salt 2 teaspoons light brown
sugar 1 tsp lemon zest half a teaspoon
cumin 1/2 a teaspoon of paprika 1/4
teaspoon of pepper and a quarter
teaspoon of coriander then add 1/3 cup
of olive oil 2 tablespoons of tomato
paste and 5 finely chopped garlic cloves
to the bowl and whisk it to combine
transfer 1/4 cup of the marinade to a
zip top bag and add the beef massage the
marinade in with your hands and let the
beef sit out while you prep the
vegetables cut up one pound of summer
squash and one red onion into 1 inch
chunks then clean and send eight ounces
of cremini mushrooms you can use all
kinds of vegetables just make sure
they're cut the same size so they finish
cooking at the same time also if you
want to use vegetables they take a
little bit longer to cook like new
potatoes or corn on the cob you want to
par cook them before you add them to the
skewers add all the veggies to the bowl
with the marinade and toss them around
until they are coated heat your grill to
medium-high and while the grill is
heating up thread the marinated beef and
vegetables separately onto 10 12-inch
skewers now you may see meat and
vegetables skewered together at the
butcher case but they definitely don't
belong in the same skewer the reason is
that the meat will finish cooking before
the vegetables and you want to be able
to remove them from the grill while the
vegetables continue to cook that way you
won't end up with overcooked meat or
undercooked vegetables when the grill is
ready put the skewers on close the grill
and cook turning the skewers every 2 to
3 minutes take the beef skewers off when
they are lightly charred all over in an
instant-read thermometer measures 125 to
130 degrees for medium-rare that should
take about 6 to 8 minutes cover the
skewers loosely with foil to keep them
warm
continue to cook the vegetable skewers
turning them every few minutes until
they are lightly charred all over and
crisp tender about 6 to 8 minutes more
now you're ready to serve this beef
shish kebab recipe is a fast easy and
flavorful way to make a complete meal on
the grill the tomato paste and brown
sugar in the marinade help the beef and
vegetables Brown and the cumin and
coriander give it Middle Eastern flavor
and that's it the easiest way to make
beef shish kebab
you
and